Okay, so we are in Route 53
and we're going to be registering domains.
So as you can see, I have one hosted zone and one domain.
You should have none right now.
It's just because I've been using my accounts before.
But let's go and register a domain.
So on the left hand side,
click on register domains
and you have a new console experience.
If you don't have it, you can click
on somewhere to use the new console and I will use this
because this is what's going to happen moving forward.
So here we have a domain name.
This is stephanetheteacher.com.
It's something I have registered a while ago
and you will have nothing.
So what we need to do to get started
with Group 53 is to actually register our own domain.
So this is going to cost you money
and if you don't want to pay
say $12 a year to have a domain name,
just don't do this and watch this section entirely.
So I'm going to follow the step you would follow.
So register domain, and here you just enter a domain name.
So something that no one else has chosen before
whatever you want.
Okay? The idea is that you choose a domain name.
So hopefully no one has registered domain name.
Okay, perfect.
So I can buy this one for US $13 a year.
So I will select it and it's in my basket.
So I'm going to proceed to checkout.
So here is my domain name.
I can choose Duration, for example, one year
and I can autorenew or not autorenew.
So if you intend on keeping a domain,
please leave autorenew on.
If you don't want it at the end of the year,
click it so that it's off.
But of course, if you use the domain,
it's much better to keep autorenew on.
Otherwise someone will be able to buy the domain
when you lose it.
And this is not good, so up to you to keep it on or off.
But if you just intended to have it
for the course, then leave it off.
Okay, click on Next.
Then we have contact information.
So this is the information that you have part
of the account that has been pre-populated.
And so you can enter your own information if you wanted to.
And so the admin contact
and the tech contact can be the same
as the registrant contact.
And finally, you should enable privacy protection
so that you don't receive spam.
And so that the real contact information,
your own personal address, phone number, et cetera
is hidden from the internet.
You click on Next and then you have the review page.
So make sure everything is correct
and you check the terms and condition.
And if you submit, just so you know, you will pay these $13.
So please don't do this
if you don't want to pay that amount of money.
Then your domain is going to be registered
after a little bit of time.
It can take a few minutes or a few hours
but you'll be good to go.
And to confirm everything, just go on the left hand side
to hosted zones and then you click on stefanetheteacher.com
or whatever domain name you have registered.
And you will have a few records
and you should have two records.
I have four because I've been using this before.
But you should have the NS record and the SOA record.
And the NS record is simply saying
that you should use the AWS DNS
to insert DNS queries.
And this is Route 53.
So what this means that now that we have a hosted zone,
anytime we will insert DNS records such
as this one or that one
and I will teach you in the next lecture is how to do it.
Then the source of truth
for these DNS records will be Route 53 itself.
So what we're configuring in here, so that's perfect.
We're good to go.
We have a domain name
and we can get started with the hands-on.
I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.